Policy
Zayn Box - We at  Studio take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly abide by the regulations of the world data protection act. Personal data will only be collected to an extent that is technically required. In no case this data will be sold or passed on to third parties for any other reasons.

The following declaration gives you an overview on how this protection is guaranteed and which kind of data is collected for which purposes.

AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers fine tune our product. We do not gather any data from the child other than first name and reading age. This is only stored locally on the device and is optional. It never leaves the device, and will be erased if the user deletes the app.

DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. if  Studio is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you.

WHAT ARE MY OPT-OUT RIGHTS?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at: zayn.box00@gmail.com

DATA RETENTION POLICY, MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION

We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to one year and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at zayn.box00@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.

SECURITY

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

USE OF DATA:

To provide and maintain our Service

To notify you about changes to our Service

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so

To provide customer support

To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service

To monitor the usage of our Service

To detect, prevent and address technical issues

CHANGES

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy.

Contact us

If you want to contact us about any of the matters in relation to this privacy policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then please contact our customer services department by emailing: zayn.box00@gmail.com
